The prestigious school that turned
out many heroes, U.A. High School.
Enrolled in their hero course,
I continue to run toward my dream,
standing up to any difficulties
and saving people with a smile...
...in order to become the greatest hero!
Will you allow me to pour
my all into Young Izuku?
"Pro Hero - All Might - Quirk: One For All"
I will protect him and raise him up,
even if I have to give my life to do so!
"Inko Midoriya"
M-Mom!
I don't like this after all...
"Izuku Midoriya - Quirk: One For All"
I mean, you are Izuku's reason for living.
So don't give up your life.
Please live properly
to protect him and raise him.
If you can promise me that,
then I will allow it.
Mom...!
I promise.
Izuku, if you're going to live at U.A.,
then you understand, right?
I definitely won't make you worry!
Don't say it with a face like that.
I don't actually like it.
But while I wasn't looking,
you became someone the hero
you admired would say so much about.
This must make you
happier than anything, huh?
"Live properly," huh?
Acting like a natural born hero, it's been
a while since anyone said that to me...
You have a good mother.
Yes.
She's like my master... my predecessor...
What? My mom is?
Yeah. Like their hairstyles and stuff.
Hair, huh?
I'm saying that she's someone strong.
Oh? Oh my, look at that skeleton face...
--Ew, could it be...?
--Oh no, I'm All Might in
this form, too, now, huh?
I'm still not used to it.
Well, see you at school!
Oh, okay.
After my mother gave me permission,
I left home and started my new life.
"Eijiro Kirishima - Quirk: Hardening"
"Momo Yaoyorozu - Quirk: Creation"
"Mashirao Ojiro - Quirk: Tail"
"Denki Kaminari - Quirk: Electrification"
"Hanta Sero - Quirk: Tape"
"Toru Hagakure - Quirk: Invisibility"
"Mezo Shoji - Quirk: Dupli-Arms"
"Ochaco Uraraka - Quirk: Zero Gravity"
"Tsuyu Asui - Quirk: Frog"
"Minoru Mineta - Quirk: Pop Off"
"Shoto Todoroki - Quirk: Half-Cold, Half-Hot"
"Kyoka Jiro - Quirk: Earphone Jack"
"Koji Koda - Quirk: Anivoice"
"Fumikage Tokoyami - Quirk: Dark Shadow"
"Rikido Sato - Quirk: Sugar Rush"
"Yuga Aoyama - Quirk: Navel Laser"
"Tenya Iida - Quirk: Engine"
"Mina Ashido - Quirk: Acid"
"Katsuki Bakugo - Quirk: Explosion"
On the grounds of U.A.,
about a five-minute walk from the school,
a student dorm built in
three days: Heights Alliance.
This is my--no, our--new home.
"Moving into Dorms"
The dorm system we've put in place
isn't just to ensure the students' safety.
"Pro Hero - Nezu - Quirk: High Specs"
It is also to determine the threat we
have still not taken care of—the leak.
In order to overcome the unease
that has been in the air for a long time,
we will avoid doing a public investigation
and search behind-the-scenes.
It pains me to suspect not just
the teachers, but also the students,
but in the position I'm in, I have no choice.
The loss of the Symbol...
I'm sure the effects of that will
appear in big ways as time passes.
Anyway, right now, we
need energy and revival.
At least, for the children,
we need to show them a bright future.
For now, I'm just glad that we were able
to bring Class 1-A back together again.
"Pro Hero - Shota Aizawa - Quirk: Erasure"
Everyone was allowed to enter the dorms, huh?
I had a hard time!
That's normal...
The two of you were
directly affected by the gas.
We were all able to be together
again because of the teachers.
When I watched the press conference,
I thought we'd lose them, and it made me sad.
Yeah.
I was surprised, too.
Well, I'm sure everyone
has different circumstances.
For the most part,
rather than trying to convince them,
it was more like we let them
go free and then grabbed their tails.
Now, I'll explain briefly
about the dorms, but first--
For now, we will focus on
getting the provisional licenses
we were planning to have
you get during the training camp.
Oh yeah, they did talk about that!
So much happened that I forgot about it.
This is important. Listen up.
Kirishima.
Yaoyorozu.
Todoroki, Midoriya, Iida.
These five went to go save Bakugo that night.
Ribbit...
Your reactions tell me that
you all were at least aware of it.
I'm going to set aside
a number of issues and say this:
If it weren't for All Might's retirement,
I would've expelled everyone
except Bakugo, Jiro, and Hagakure.
Of course the five that went, but also
the twelve who knew but didn't stop them
betrayed our trust, no
matter what the reason.
I would be grateful if you could follow
the proper procedures and act properly
in order to regain that trust.
That is all.
Now, we're going inside.
Let's have some energy!
No, wait, how are we
supposed to right now...?
Come here.
Huh? What? No!
Yay...
What? What did Bakugo do...?
Kirishima!
Huh?
--Wait, you're scaring me! What is this,
did you shake someone down for money?
--No! I withdrew this money.
You used up all your allowance, right?
Yeah... Where did you hear about
me buying night-vision goggles--?
If you keep having to scrimp
and save, then it'll make me feel bad.
Show your dumb side, as usual.
--Yay? Yay, yay, yay!
--Oh, no... I... Oh, Kaminari...
You're laughing too much!
Sorry.
I guess sometimes it's
necessary to let loose...
Sorry, everyone! This won't make up for it,
but let's all go eat yakiniku
tonight with this money!
Seriously?!
Yay!
Each student dorm building holds one class.
Girls on the right, and boys on the left.
But the first floor is the common area.
Food, baths, and laundry are on this floor.
There's even a courtyard!
So spacious! So clean! And a sofa!
It's like a mansion!
Uraraka!
Did my ears deceive me?
Baths and laundry are in the common area?
Is this a dream?
They're separated by gender.
You better watch yourself.
Yes, sir.
Rooms start on the second floor.
There are four rooms per gender
on each floor with five floors total.
Everyone gets their own room.
They're luxurious spaces equipped
with their own AC, toilets, fridges, and closets.
There's even a balcony!
This is about the same size
as the closets we have at home.
It's like a mansion!
Uraraka!
"Koda     |   Jiro
Kaminari
Iida Ojiro      |   Hagakure"
"Mineta
Midoriya
Aoyama Tokoyami"
These are your rooms.
The belongings you sent ahead
have already been placed in your rooms,
"             | Yaoyorozu
Sato
Todoroki Sero        | Asui"
"Shoji       |   Uraraka
Kirishima
Bakugo                 | Ashido"
so unpack and get settled in today.
I'll tell you more about what will
happen from now on tomorrow.
That's all. Dismissed!
Yes, Mr. Aizawa!
Ahh, I'm so tired.
Kirishima, are you done unpacking?
Yeah, finally.
Good work.
How things ended up this way weren't great,
but it's kind of exciting to live together, huh?
Yeah!
Living together...
This is also training to help us
learn cooperation and discipline!
You're really going all out, huh, Iida?
Boys, are you all done with your rooms?
Yup. Just relaxing now.
Well, the girls were all talking just now...
...and we have an idea.
Want to have a room presentation contest?
Huh?
No, no, wait--!
"Midoriya"
It's filled with All Might!
It's an otaku's room!
It's because I admire him...
This is so embarrassing!
Crap, they just started something.
But it's kind of fun...
"Tokoyami"
This is foolish.
So black! Scary!
You little...
I bought this keychain
before in middle school.
Boys like this kind of thing, huh?
Get out.
A sword...! So cool!
Get out!
"Aoyama"
So bright!
Non non, not "bright,"
"dazzlin--"
It's exactly how I thought it'd be.
It fits within my expectations.
This is starting to get fun!
The last person on the second floor is--
Come in...
I'll show you something amazing...
Let's go to the third floor.
Come in... Come on...
"Ojiro"
Wow, it's so normal!
It's so normal! Wow!
So this is what's normal, huh?
It's fine if you don't
have anything to say...
"Iida"
The shelves are lined with hard books.
That's the class rep for you!
There's nothing strange here.
There are so many glasses...
What's strange about that?
It's because I expect them to be
destroyed during our intense training.
"Kaminari"
It's so gaudy!
It's like he just used anything
he could lay his hands on.
What? Isn't it great?
"Koda"
There's a rabbit! It's so cute!
It's not fair to have a pet.
Koda, you've gotta be doing this on purpose!
It seems like everyone's
starting to compete...
Anyway, I'm not satisfied.
Yeah, what a coincidence.
Me neither. Not satisfied.
Yeah.
Yeah, me neither.
It's weird for the boys to be
the only ones getting picked on.
You said this was a
room presentation contest, right?
Then, of course, we should also see
the girls' rooms before we decide, right?
Shouldn't we decide who has the best taste in
interior decoration from everyone in class?
These sharp words that
showed no mercy to the girls
lit a fire under the
competitive spirit of the boys.
Sounds good!
Huh?
Getting even those completely
uninterested involved,
the first annual Class 1-A
Best Taste Contest is about to begin!
Is this all right?
Is this really all right?
"Tsuyu Asui"
"Quirk: Frog"
"She can do pretty much everything a frog can, like stretch out her tongue really far."
"Affiliation: U.A. High School Hero Class 1-A"
"Birthday: 2/12"
"Height: 150 cm" "Blood Type: B" "Likes: Jello"
"Rikido Sato"
"Quirk: Sugar Rush"
"He can temporarily increase his strength by consuming sugar."
"Affiliation: U.A. High School Hero Class 1-A"
"Birthday: 6/19"
"Height: 185 cm" "Blood Type: O" "Likes: Cake"
Um, okay, so we'll be deciding who has
the best taste in interior decoration in the class,
or who's the Room King!
Room King?
We don't have to decide anything like that...
If I'm the only one asserting my opinion,
then they'll all just make fun of me.
But if I take advantage of the will of these
guys who've had their self-confidence hurt...
...then my opinion will be cloaked
under the cover of "the popular will."
With this, I'll have a very natural excuse
for rummaging around the girls' rooms!
I'm sleepy...
The ones on the boys' side of the fourth floor
are Bakugo, Kirishima, and Shoji, right?
Where's Bakugo?
He said, "This is lame. I'm going to sleep,"
a long time ago and went to his room.
I'm sleepy, too.
Then, let's do Kirishima's room!
Let's keep this going!
"shima"
I don't really care,
but I don't think you girls will get it--
"Congrats"
"Big Catch"
"Certain Victory"
This manliness!
Yeah.
This looks like it'd rank in
around second for the room
you'd least want your boyfriend to have.
It's so hot! So hot and stuffy!
See? I told you.
Next, Shoji.
There's nothing interesting here.
"Empty"
Nothing interesting?
I didn't know you were a minimalist.
Well, I've never really
liked having a lot of things.
It's guys like this that are
super pervy inside, you know.
Next, let's go up a floor
to the fifth floor boys' rooms!
We'll start with Sero!
Are we seriously doing everyone?
Wow!
Asian!
It's lovely!
Sero, I didn't know you
liked stuff like this.
Yup, that's me! Always expect the unexpected.
Next, next!
Next is Todoroki, right?
The most capable student in the class!
The most handsome boy in the class!
Going into the aloof
Todoroki's room is kind of exciting...
Hurry up and get this over with. I'm sleepy.
A Japanese-style room!
Was his made differently?!
We have tatami at home,
so I can't relax on flooring.
Who cares about why?
How did you remodel it in a day?!
I worked hard.
What's up with this guy?
"Todoroki"
He seems like he'll be a big shot one day.
Pretty boys do things differently, huh?
Okay, next! The last of the boys is...
Me.
"Fresh"
"Made with Kushiro Cream"
"Vegetable Fat"
Anyway, it's a boring room.
Anyone's would be after Todoroki's.
Something smells good... what is it?
Oh no, I forgot!
I finished unpacking really early,
so I baked a chiffon cake.
I thought we could all eat it together.
It'd be even more delicious with
whipped cream, but you guys want some?
Yeah!
It's like an exemplary unexpected side!
It's delicious! So fluffy!
Buono, buono!
He easily surpassed Sero's unexpected side!
Yeah, yeah!
What a wonderful hobby you have, Sato.
Would you like to bake something
to go with my tea next time?
Oh, I didn't expect everyone
to like it so much.
I just make it as part
of training for my Quirk.
Buying sweets can get expensive.
That's it for the boys. Next, it's our turn!
Aw man, are we seriously
doing everyone? Is that all right?
It's probably fine, right?
It's kind of embarrassing...
It's filled with even more
instruments than I expected.
It's because Jiro's a rockin' girl.
Can you play all these?
Yeah, at least the basics...
It's not girly at all.
Unladylike.
Next. Let's move onto the next one!
Next is me, Hagakure.
What do you think?
O-Oh...
It's like a normal girl's!
It's making my heart pound.
Plus Ultra...!
Mineta, you went straight for it, huh?
"Ashido"
I'm next!
Ta-da! Isn't it cute?
Wow...
"Uraraka"
It's not a very interesting room...
Wow...
I feel a little dirty going around looking
at so many normal girls' rooms...
A forbidden garden...
Next is Asui...
Wait, Tsu's not here.
Oh, Tsu said she wasn't feeling well.
We can't do anything if
she's not feeling well.
We'll just have to get her to
show us when she's feeling better!
"Asui"
"Yaoyorozu"
Then, last is Yaoyorozu!
Well, I think I miscalculated...
Unlike all of your rooms
filled with originality,
mine became a little cramped.
It's huge! It's cramped!
What happened, Yaoyorozu?
It's the furniture I was using, but I didn't
think the room would be this small...
She's a rich girl, all right.
All right, everyone--
Have you all voted?
You can't vote for yourself!
And now, here are the results of the first
Room King competition, minus Bakugo and Tsu!
With a total of five votes! The overwhelming
winner standing alone at the top is...
Rikido... Sato!
Huh?!
By the way, they were all girls!
The reason was...
"Because the cake was delicious!"
What about my room?!
You little--
Aspiring heroes shouldn't use bribery!
I'm not bribing anyone!
What the heck, I'm super happy!
--Don't laugh!
--Is it over? Can I go to sleep now?
Yes! Since you had cake,
don't forget to brush your teeth!
He was waiting until it was over, huh?
Oh, Todoroki, wait a sec.
Deku and Iida, too, and Kirishima
and Yaoyorozu. Do you have a minute?
Uraraka, where...?
You see, Tsu said she
had something to tell you all.
I can't help but say everything
that comes to mind.
But there are times
when I don't know what to say.
Do you remember what I said at the hospital?
...if you're saying that
you'll break the rules...
Those acts are the same as those of villains.
Yeah, I remember.
I hardened my heart
and said some painful things.
Tsu...
Even so, you still went.
When I heard about that this morning,
I was shocked.
I thought I'd stopped you, so I was filled
with disappointment and bad feelings...
I didn't know what to say...
I didn't feel like I could have
fun talking with everyone...
But...
...that made me very sad.
That's why I wanted to tell you even
if I couldn't gather my thoughts properly,
so that I could have fun
and talk with everyone again.
It's not just Tsu that feels this way.
Everyone felt uneasy and wanted
to make that feeling go away...
That's why...
The "Room King" and everything was
because they understood how you all felt...
So don't blame them, but, you know...
I mean, I know it's hard, but anyway...
Let's all work hard together
and laugh together again!
Tsu...!
Ribbit...?
I'm sorry! Thanks for telling us!
Asui.
Tsu!
Asui, sorry.
Asu--
Tsu!
--I won't ever do it again.
--Ribbit... ribbit...
--Me neither.
--I promise!
That's right... Everyone was trying hard
to make things go back to normal.
We have to return...
That's right, we have to
return to our usual...
Our usual daily lives of making each
other better as we aim to be heroes!
"Preview"
Here's the preview!
As we work towards getting
our provisional licenses,
we need to come up with our ultimate moves.
How can I with my damaged arms?
Next time, "Create Those Ultimate Moves"!
"Next time: Create Those Ultimate Moves"
Go beyond!
Plus Ultra!